gui/custom_gui/eafp_special_event.gui = boshin_war_special_event
gui/custom_gui/eafp_special_event.gui = opium_war_special_event
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = hokkaido_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = matsumae_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tohoku_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = aizu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = sendai_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = yonezawa_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = shonai_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kubota_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = morioka_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = hirosaki_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kanto_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kawagoe_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tenryo_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = mito_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = utsunomiya_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = sakura_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = chubu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = owari_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kaga_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = fukui_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = obama_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = nagaoka_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = takada_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = shinbata_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = matsushiro_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kansai_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tsu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kuwana_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kishu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = himeji_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = hikone_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kooriyama_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kishiwada_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = sakashi_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = sasayama_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = chugoku_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = choshu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = hamada_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = hiroshima_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = matsue_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tottori_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = okayama_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = shikoku_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tosa_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tokushima_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = takamatsu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = matsuyama_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kyushu_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = satsuma_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = fukuoka_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = oka_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kurume_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = nobeoka_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = saga_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = tsushima_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kumamoto_open
gui/custom_gui/japan_han.gui = kokura_open
gui/custom_gui/precinct.gui = precinct_window
gui/custom_gui/gacha.gui = figure_select
gui/custom_gui/assign_character.gui = figure_select
gui/custom_gui/assign_character.gui = figure_select_deasin_1